VAULT-12732: Add Heap Profiling Option to Vault Server Command Line (#27033)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/commands/server.mdx

  `VAULT_EXPERIMENTS` environment variable as a comma-separated list, or via the
  [`experiments`](/vault/docs/configuration#experiments) config key.

> - `-heap-profile` `(string: "")` - Directory where generated profiles are created. If left unset, files are not generated.
>  _Note:_ This is intended for temporary use during debugging sessions and not for repeated or regular use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-heap-profile` `(string: "")` - Directory where the generated profiles are
  created. Vault does not generate profiles when `heap-profile` is unset.
  Use `head-profile` temporarily during debugging sessions. Do not use
  `heap-profile` in regular production processes.
```
Style correction: Write in active voice, avoid "this" as a pronoun
